README.md, before:

# CAP AUTHENTICATION FIREBASE [![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/CAP-Active-<COLOR>.svg)](https://shields.io/)

**CAP AUTHENTICATION** is a module for **Angular**

* registration
* login
* profile
* change password

you can use one of the two largest authentication services on the market **Auth0** or **Firebase**

## **Previous requirements**
**CAP AUTHENTICATION** use bootstrap's classes. To be able to display the component in the right way, bootstrap should have been installed in the project. In case you don't have bootstrap installed, you can run the following command or read their [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.3/getting-started/download/):
```
npm install bootstrap
```
One's that you installed bootstrap you have to configure the `angular.json` and write into `styles`
```
"styles": [
  "node_modules/bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap.min.css",
  "styles.scss"
]
```

We will also need **@angular/fire** to use the Firebase services, for this we must have previously created a project on this platform and enabled authentication methods such as **Email/passord**, **Facebook** and **Google**.
```
npm install firebase @angular/fire --save
```

We position ourselves in the **app.module.ts** of our project and configure **AngularFireModule** with the credentials we obtain from the Firebase platform. It will look as follows.


```
import { AngularFireModule } from '@angular/fire';

@NgModule({
  imports: [
    AngularFireModule.initializeApp({
      apiKey: '<your-apiKey>'
      authDomain: '<your-authDomain>'
      databaseURL: '<your-databaseURL>'
      projectId: '<your-projectId>'
      storageBucket: '<your-storageBucket>'
      messagingSenderId: '<your-messagingSenderId>'
      appId: '<your-appId>'
      measurementId: '<your-measurementId>'
    }),
  ],
})
export class AppModule { }
```
---

## Installation
```
npm i cap-authentication-firebase
```
---

## Implementation into a module

To use this module go-to the app module and into the sections' import and put the Authentication Module.
```
import { AuthenticationModule } from 'cap-authentication-firebase'
```
---
into the import section
```
@NgModule({
  imports: [
    ...
    AuthenticationModule,
    ...
  ],
})
export class AppModule { }
```
---

## HTML tags

*  **Authentication LogIn**
```
<cap-log-in-firebase></cap-log-in-firebase>
```
---
*  **Authentication Register**
```
<cap-register-firebase></cap-register-firebase>
```
---
*  **Authentication Profile**
```
<cap-profile-firebase></cap-profile-firebase>
```
---
*  **Authentication Forgot Password**
```
<cap-change-password-firebase></cap-change-password-firebase>
```
---
*  **Authentication Log Out**
```
<cap-log-out-firebase></cap-log-out-firebase>
```

**Note**: An object is stored in the localStorage to know the status of the User.

Commit message:

CAP Update with new implementation and installation information and recommendation to use cap-bootstrap products.

README.md, after:

# CAP AUTHENTICATION FIREBASE [![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/CAP-Active-<COLOR>.svg)](https://shields.io/)

**CAP AUTHENTICATION** is a module for **Angular**

* registration
* login
* profile
* change password

you can use one of the most popular google platforms on the market **Firebase**

## **Previous requirements**
**CAP AUTHENTICATION** use bootstrap's classes, You can use a CAP product ([cap-angular-schematic-bootstrap](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cap-angular-schematic-bootstrap)) to configure and install bootstrap to your project the installation is as follows.

```
ng add cap-angular-schematic-bootstrap@latest 4.0.0 true
```
![Alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/software-allies/cap-angular-schematic-auth-auth0/development/assets/images/cap-angular-schematic-bootstrap.png "cap-angular-schematic-bootstrap")

We will also need **@angular/fire** to use the Firebase services, for this we must have previously created a project on this platform and enabled authentication methods such as **Email/passord**, **Facebook** and **Google**.
```
npm install firebase @angular/fire --save
```

We position ourselves in the **app.module.ts** of our project and configure **AngularFireModule** with the credentials we obtain from the Firebase platform. It will look as follows.


```
import { AngularFireModule } from '@angular/fire';

@NgModule({
  imports: [
    AngularFireModule.initializeApp({
      apiKey: '<your-apiKey>'
      authDomain: '<your-authDomain>'
      databaseURL: '<your-databaseURL>'
      projectId: '<your-projectId>'
      storageBucket: '<your-storageBucket>'
      messagingSenderId: '<your-messagingSenderId>'
      appId: '<your-appId>'
      measurementId: '<your-measurementId>'
    }),
  ],
})
export class AppModule { }
```
---

## Installation
```
npm i cap-authentication-firebase
```
---

## Implementation into a module

To use this module go-to the app module and into the sections' import and put the Authentication Module.
```
import { AuthenticationModule } from 'cap-authentication-firebase'
```
---
into the import section
```
@NgModule({
  imports: [
    ...
      AuthenticationModule.forRoot({
        endPoint: 'https://your-api-domain.com/api/<users>' // can be empty
      }),
    ...
  ],
})
export class AppModule { }
```
---

## HTML tags

*  **Authentication LogIn**
```
<cap-log-in-firebase></cap-log-in-firebase>
```
---
*  **Authentication Register**
```
<cap-register-firebase></cap-register-firebase>
```
---
*  **Authentication Profile**
```
<cap-profile-firebase></cap-profile-firebase>
```
---
*  **Authentication Forgot Password**
```
<cap-change-password-firebase></cap-change-password-firebase>
```
---
*  **Authentication Log Out**
```
<cap-log-out-firebase></cap-log-out-firebase>
```

**Note**: An object is stored in the localStorage to know the status of the User.
